WooCommerce new documentation (#1299)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/woocommerce/faq.en.md

1. [Click here](https://github.com/mercadopago/cart-woocommerce/archive/master.zip) and download the .zip file from our repository.
2. Rename the downloaded .zip file to **woocommerce-mercadopago** (do not unzip the .zip file before uploading to WordPress. For the plugin to install correctly, the original file format must be uploaded).
3. Access the WordPress Panel and click on **Plugins** **> Add new**.
4. In **Add Plugins, **click on **Upload plugin**.
5. Click on _Escolher arquivo_ and select the folder you just renamed.
6. Click on **Install Now**.
7. When the installation is finished, click **Activate plugin**.

![Manual installing](/images/woocomerce/en_manual_installing.gif)

By completing these steps, the Mercado Pago plugin for WooCommerce will be installed and activated in your store, and you will be able to configure its integration.

## What is the Integrator ID?

It is the identification number that a developer or partner of Mercado Pago receives when making their certification. 

This ID is not mandatory for the integration to work, but it is through it that we recognize which integrations were made by which partner.

> Do you want to be a partner? [Click here](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/developers/pt/developer-program#dev-program-benefits) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to be a partner? [Click here](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][DOMAIN][URL]/developers/en/developer-program) for more information.
```
